Well in the last video, we had a look at why you might want to use a development workflow and what that actually
is, we could setup such a workflow on our own,
you could use webpack if you were familiar with that
and there, we have the vue loader to say that right away which is a package allowing us to for example
transform such single file templates. But we don't have to set it up on our own
and actually in this course, we won't do that.
We will use the vue-cli and cli sounds like a big powerful many feature tool but actually the vue-cli
has one major task,
it allows us to fetch vuejs project templates which means to fetch certain projects setups which
are empty but which have a build process setup and you can dive into such a build process of course to kind of
tweak it and to adjust to your needs or to find out how to setup your own.
We can install the vue cli with that command, it's very easy and that installs it globally on our machine,
on Mac you will have to throw a sudo in front of that, on Linux too
and then we have access to a multitude of available templates.
For example here, the simple template, that is basically the same we used
in JSFiddle,
it's an index.html file and then the script import from a CDN.
But we also have a simple webpack workflow, that is the one we'll use in this course.
It has a nice webpack workflow which will compile our single file templates which allows us to use
ES6, all these nice things has really the things we need and gives us a nice production ready application.
Now if you want a big package with testing and all these other next level features, you could also
use the webpack workflow which well includes that and which is more powerful but a bit overkill for
this course where I don't want to dive into css processing or testing,
I want to focus on vuejs that we understand and learn vuejs.
You also could use browserify templates if you prefer that over webpack but we will use webpack
as this is kind of the cool kid in the world of frontend web development right now. Regarding the template compilation
I was talking about earlier,
all templates except the simple one support this so that we have these single file templates compiled
to our code, our javascript template so that we can have this improved runtime configuration with the
smaller vuejs package and the better performance.